anybody wallowing in the black hole is
released
job whose turn is it next and job you
are if the right place at the right time
precious you can take any key stone from
the promise you I in
so the stand is it next and up return to
your headstone now
whose turn is it next hands up take a
gate you don't have to place it now wait
until it will cause the most damage and
then position it in front of the
Harbinger you want to stop in its tracks
top those turn is it next hand up you
could take a keystone from the province
you're in Oh even better you could take
a keystone from any maggot it is your
choice
one minute left maggots
you
game set and match kiddies I win you
lose good riddance it was a real and it
was good but I cannot say any of you
were real good